---
layout: post
title:  "Anguiped"
date:   2022-03-30 00:00:00 -0700
---

*In iambic, five-syllable snake-feet*  
*(with independent rhyme schemes)*  

Electrostatic, excommunicate  
subordination. Naturalization,  
undiplomatic, recapitulates  
regeneration. Capitalization,  
psychosomatic managerial  
deregulation, misappropriates  
enthusiastic matrilineal  
cohabitation. Recapitulate  
preoccupations, differentiate  
experiential reconciliations.  
Interpolations renegotiate  
coincidental hospitalizations’  
defenestrations: immaterial,  
transcontinental, patrilineal.  
  
  
Repositories theological,  
opinionated, reevaluate  
observatories, reinvigorate  
investigative diabolical  
coincidentals. Mythological,  
unsentimental, overemphasized  
mercantilism revolutionized  
adventurism: neurological  
apologizing, irrepressible  
facilitators' microeconomics.  
Administrators’ bidirectional  
economizing-isoelectronics  
negotiated extramarital-  
initiated macroeconomics.  
  
  
Apologizers’ unenforceable  
accentuating reevaluates  
extrapolating. Seismological  
commercializing differentiates,  
reorganizing biochemical  
pontificating. Anthropologists  
recuperated antithetical  
legitimizing. Ideologists  
cooperated. Cornucopia-  
contemporaries’ insupportable,  
unsympathetic homophobia  
inoculated oratorical  
confectionaries. Renegotiate  
econometrics, misappropriate!  
  
  
Perennially, equilibrium’s  
indomitable perpetuity’s  
hilariously ignominious  
(unconscionable, therapeutically):  
Incorrigible, supercilious,  
unpalatable incredulity’s  
abominable: Presbyterians’  
incalculable incongruity.  
Unfathomable, irreversibly-  
acknowledgeable fundamentalists’  
unfashionable university’s  
unprofitable: pathogenesis  
attributable universally  
(inimitable instrumentalists).  
  
  
Corroborating bioengineers’  
anachronism: appendectomies  
eliminating continentally-  
redepositioned geochemistry.  
Officiating incrementalist  
illusionism’s archipelago?  
Exasperating. Hydrocortisone-  
provincialism’s spiritualism.  
Unsentimental neuroscientist-  
developable pharmacopia-  
misapprehension’s ultraviolet,  
inheritable, parsimonious,  
pancontinental, semifinalist-  
objectionable, sanctimonious.  
  
  
Continuously impermissible,  
provocatively interventionist,  
constituency’s presidentialist,  
cooperatively hypercritical:  
conspicuously indivisible,  
conceptually psychotherapist-  
immiserated representatives  
perpetually insignificant.  
Capitulation-etymologists’  
exacerbated filibustering-  
negotiations’ contradictory  
degeneracy’s disproportionate.  
Eradication’s rediscovering  
confederacy’s valedictory.  
  
  
Unserviceable personalities’  
competitively parsimonious  
(disparagingly acrimonious)  
determinable rationality’s  
interminable. Evenhandedly-  
adjudicated claustrophobia’s  
accumulated ceremonia,  
unpurchasable diplomatically,  
precipitously disincorporate.  
Prognosticated eschatology’s  
subliminally unavoidable,  
manipulative. Excommunicate:  
significantly, demonolatry  
reconcentrated’s unemployable.  
  
  
Medicinally-uninhibited  
(electrocuted!) neurasthenia’s  
nutritionally-underprivileged,  
untheraputic. Schizophrenia’s  
unmitigated, redistributed  
continually, paresthesia-  
exacerbated, unattributed  
(habitually). Synesthesia?  
Recidivism (insectivorous  
identifiers)? Indescribable  
astigmatisms? Nitroglycerins!  
Emulsifiers! Unreliable,  
polysyllabic, cobelligerent,  
psychosomatic copyrightables!  
  
  
Judiciary unreality:  
communicative impresarios’  
discretionary sexuality,  
remunerative braggadocio.  
Diversionary archipelagos,  
congressionally unsectarian,  
appreciated hydrocortisone’s  
inelegantly proletarian.  
Unprosecuted antiquarians  
depreciated intercultural  
reconstitution. Libertarians  
(preponderantly countercultural),  
reinstituted universally-  
inoperable universities.  
  
  
Acknowledgeable’s demographically-  
enumerated. Agricultural  
unprofitables singlehandedly  
accommodated intercultural  
agglomeration: horticultural  
analysis’ multivariate  
premeditations, infrastructural  
misapprehension-commissariat’s  
unfashionable proletariat.  
Imperialists depoliticized  
imaginable seminarians  
(experience’s individualized).  
Undiplomatic monotheism’s  
ecclesiastic absenteeism.  
  
  
Incalculable’s unilateral.  
Origination-ethnocentrism’s  
[imaginable/unimaginable].  
Procrastination’s irredentism-  
eradicable. Indisputable  
denomination’s latitudinal,  
unpalatable generationally.  
Communication’s educationally  
unserviceable. Overcompensating,  
remunerative telemarketing’s  
interminable, (unremarkably)  
vituperative, unaccommodating.  
Determinable ratiocination’s  
illuminative supersaturation.  
  
  
Monosyllabic photojournalists  
hallucinated unsolicited,  
dissociative, contraversialist  
(asymptomatic) representatives.  
Aristocratic photosensitives’  
accusatory, quantifiably-  
compensatory photofinishes:  
paradigmatic, analyzably  
vituperative. Justifiably  
articulating incredulity’s  
recuperative, indefinably  
reticulating perpetuity.  
Remunerative impropriety’s  
legitimating notoriety.  
  
  
“Irreparable”’s overemphasis;  
considerable scientifically,  
inseparable’s optimistically  
deliverable. Morphogenesis,  
inexorable pathogenesis  
(accumulative abnormality),  
characterizes irreality:  
continuative, hydrocephalous.  
Eroticism’s notoriety  
legitimizes (countersignature’s  
protectionism), recognizably  
abominable. Perpendicular  
adventurisms’ impropriety’s  
indomitable, verisimilar.  
  
  
Diversifying promiscuity,  
acetylcholine’s piezoelectric.  
Identifying continuities,  
Constructivism’s unapologetic  
prioritizing overrepresented  
reductionism, rudimentary  
politicizing, parthenogenetic  
triumphalism. Documentaries,  
hermetically testamentary,  
exteriorize perpendiculars  
intelligently. Extrasensory-  
materialized polarimeters  
electrically circumnavigate,  
interiorize, reincorporate.  
  
  
Desalination interpenetrates  
anticorruption sinusoidally.  
Decapitation overcompensates  
autoirruption, unavoidably  
(reverberation circumstantiates  
reintroduction’s nonnegotiable  
depopulation). Creditworthiness,  
overproduction’s uncontrollable  
(ungovernable) grandiosity:  
degeneracy’s overmanifest,  
unutterable adiposity.  
Commensurately, egomaniacs’  
insufferable preciosity‘s  
irreparably kleptomaniac.  
  
  
Reinstituting conformational  
facilitators universally  
reconstituted inadvertency’s  
denominators. Conversational  
(vicariously congregational),  
“spontaneously”’s inadvertently  
epigrammatic, irreversibly  
undiplomatic. Informational  
didacticism oversimplified,  
inextricably recapitulated  
(immeasurably inappropriate)  
anachronisms repoliticized.  
Continuously rehabilitated‘s  
conspicuously acrimonious.  
  
  
Transcontinental commonalities  
disseminated: airconditioners’  
domesticated verisimilar,  
experiential unreality.  
Nonresidential animality’s  
adulterated (underestimates  
acculturation), rehabilitates  
inconsequential partialities  
erroneously, devastatingly  
antagonizing ideologists.  
Significantly (qualitatively/  
colloquially) escapologist,  
romanticizing legislatively’s  
intrinsically archaeologist.  
  
  
Assemblywomen’s inconceivable  
subordination: parasympathetic  
predisposition’s unimpeachable  
cooperation (unapologetic,  
paternalistic, indefeasible).  
Misogynistic’s “metaphorical”  
irreparably. Reapportionment’s  
inseparably allegorical:  
uncontroversial redistributing’s  
manipulable (disproportionate),  
assimilable. Noncontributing’s  
underconferral compartmentalized  
materially; discontinuing’s  
mysteriously sentimentalized.  
  
  
Feloniously, demagoguery’s  
disseminated expressivity’s  
harmoniously antipoverty.  
Insinuated miscibility’s  
commemorative, incompatible.  
Exacerbating unimaginable  
manipulative-pedagogical  
collaborations’ seismological,  
exasperating. Cosmopolitan  
postmodernism’s intertextual  
elaborating’s ineffectual;  
eponymism’s exoskeleton’s  
unserviceably categorical,  
interminably ahistorical.  
  
  
Imperialist prodigality  
(illiterately inhospitable)  
experiences externalities  
peripherally. Petromineral  
catastrophizing’s irresolvable,  
metastasizing hydrophobia  
(disseminating inexhaustible  
assimilating pseudopodia).  
Consolidating ostentatiously,  
dishonorable interlocutors’  
unpardonable, unashamedly  
predominating hagiographers  
prevaricated ignominiously,  
eviscerated historicity.  
  
  
Constituencies compartmentalize  
rebelliousness, individuate  
abstemiousness (occidentalized,  
conspicuously), differentiate  
habitually heterogenist  
interdependence. Deontologists’  
superintendence (unsolicited),  
satirically unexhibited,  
enumerated superfluities,  
reauthorizing categorical,  
accumulative-transhistorical  
philosophizing. Importunity  
elucidated (ignominiously)  
apologizing’s feasibility.  
  
  
Jurisprudential, semipermanent  
constituencies coarticulated  
experimental (counterindicated,  
continually) reapportionment.  
Continuously insubordinate,  
equivocator-counterbalancing’s  
perfidiously-gerrymandering’s  
facilitator. Insubordinate  
administrators: intercessory  
mosaicism’s incongruity-  
originators. Parliamentary  
occasionism’s contiguity  
theologizes accidentally,  
dichotomizes incredulity.  
  
  
Degeneracy-nationalization’s  
obligatory periodically;  
inseparably, maladministration’s  
propitiatory (philosophically  
retributory). Overvaluation-  
inadequacy’s unforeseeable,  
prohibitory: recognizable’s  
dispassionately unimpeachable,  
irrationally-optimistically  
indubitable (undeniable).  
Unanimously, anonymity’s  
insuperable, unidentified  
perceptually: analytically  
(perpetually) unexemplified.  
  
  
Procrastinators’ insufficiency’s  
perennially intercessory;  
inevitably, infertility-  
emancipators’ (psychotherapy-  
interrogators’) invitational’s  
incongruously biotherapeutic,  
ambiguously operational.  
Investigators’ antihermeneutic’s  
metacognition-unarticulated,  
reformulated periodically:  
presupposition-unmanipulated  
coordination’s (philosophically)  
misrecognition; solidarity’s  
subordinated, necessarily.  
  
  
Imperialist expeditionaries’  
invulnerable amateurism’s  
materialist (interplanetary)  
discoverables: cannibalism-  
experiences (alimentary  
pituitaries, incidentally),  
harmoniously-multifaceted  
vocabularies, uninhabited  
metropolises, reestablishing  
(feloniously) aristocracy-  
sarcophaguses’ archaeology,  
behaviorally micromanaging  
apocalypses, circumnavigating  
unwaveringly, overcompensating.  
  
  
Reinstituting comprehensively-  
disreputable notoriety’s  
exceptionable (unexpectedly  
reconstituting justifiably-  
unprosecuted improprieties).  
Experimental hospitality’s  
inevitable: undeniably,  
deconvoluted cordiality’s  
inseparable technicality  
(unwarrantable numerology)  
characterizes commonality.  
Irreparable animosity’s  
incorrigible circularity  
epitomizes insincerity.  
  
  
Unscientific objectivity’s  
perpetually democratically-  
deterministic: sociability’s  
effectually immortality.  
Idealistic, unremediated  
idiomatics overpopulate.  
Unknowledgeable (uninitiated)  
enthusiastics discombobulate  
explanatory capabilities:  
imponderable-verifiables,  
declamatory imbecilities.  
(Oxymoronic? Undeniable.)  
Defamatory insularity’s  
architectonic insincerity.  
  
  
Vicariously semilegendary,  
imagination’s observationally-  
(ingloriously) interplanetary  
peregrination’s gravitationally  
dissatisfying, occupationally  
unstratifying. Astronautical  
impersonation’s operationally  
interpolation: noncanonical,  
pathetically geological.  
Ambiguously aspirational,  
proficiency-astronomical’s  
intentionally unobtainable.  
Involuntary illegitimacy’s  
consolatory unconditionally.  
  
  
Accreditation’s semisecrecy-  
encyclopedists coarticulated  
misinformation (unsophisticated  
intercollegiate idiosyncrasies),  
insinuated irretrievably-  
homeostatic iconography.  
Habituated bibliographies’  
paradigmatic spontaneity-  
inadequacies incapacitate   
academicians, overemphasize  
inaccuracy, reconsolidate  
presuppositions, sentimentalize  
matriculation, supersaturate  
administration (departmentalize).  
  
  
Developable nationalization’s  
pancontinental solidarity’s  
geopotential-mineralization.  
Inheritable, voluntarily-  
inequitable generalizations’  
jurisprudential overemphases:  
coincidental? Marginalization  
(unmentionable bipolarities’  
degeneracy) reinvigorates  
unpatriotic-illegitimacy-  
interrogation, excommunicates  
peremptorily, unconditionally.  
Geoneurotics reaccumulates  
domestication, constitutionally.  
  
  
Denomination-illiquidity’s  
remunerative: segregationists’  
recuperative fallibility-  
accumulation’s situationist.  
Disaggregation’s inability.  
Perpetually reservationist  
(conceptually), instability-  
conglomeration’s preservationist  
(facilitative’s interventional).  
Equipotential reciprocity’s  
amalgamative-architectural,  
experimental diagnostically,  
coagulative-differentiable,  
experiential (astronomically).  
  
  
Materialists’ unequivocal  
(originally Epicurean)  
experience’s inadmissible  
provisionally, overprurient  
(behaviorally irresistible).  
Reconstituted infrastructural  
(unfavorably indeterminate)  
unconvoluted/countercultural  
subjectivism’s unaccountable,  
notoriously superordinate  
(aestheticism’s insurmountable).  
Censoriously dialectical,  
determinism’s unallowable  
externalism’s commonsensical.  
  
  
Interspecific genitalia  
insinuated ambiguity;  
hermaphroditic penetralia  
reciprocated promiscuity.  
Misrepresented marginalia’s  
interconnective ingenuity  
disseminated anamalia’s  
necessitated incongruities.  
Hybridization’s evolutionary  
transmogrifying overpopulated,  
disqualifying supernumerary  
habilitations (unaccommodated,  
incalculable revolutionaries):  
Eradicable’s quasiconsecrated.  
  
  
Unsatisfying televisual  
confabulations’ popularity’s  
computerizing compositional-  
deliberation similarities  
(prioritizing unoriginal  
interpretations’ regularity).  
Incorporating metafictional  
sophistication temporarily  
ameliorated mediocrity,  
subordinating creativity’s  
concatenated numerosity.  
Interpolating avariciously  
deteriorated virtuosity,  
regurgitating asininity.  
  
  
Botanically algorithmical,  
*Arabidopsis* interfoliates  
dispassionately, individuates  
stereoscopic morphological  
apotheosis: anatomical  
specifications disambiguate  
anamorphosis, differentiate  
manifestations’ analogical-  
developmental eccentricity.  
Minimalistic modularity’s  
experimental opportunity:  
prescientific elasticity’s  
collaboration-jocularity,  
civilization’s ingenuity.  
  
  
Prekindergarten superregionals:  
pediatricians operationalize  
indispositions. Inadmissible  
(overimparted competitionwise),  
underregarded undefeatables’  
predispositions paradigmatize  
nonrecognition. Disenfranchisement’s  
psychoneurotic, overstigmatized  
victimization-mediocrities’  
rebelliousness (disestablishment)  
reintroduces aristocracy-  
legitimation meretriciously  
(precariousness inequality  
superinduces intermittently).  
  
  
Imaginary’s unspectacular.  
Materially unaccountable,  
mysteriously nonvernacular  
vocabularies' unpronounceable,  
involuntary dodecameter's  
impressionistic glossolalia.  
Behavioristic methodology's  
reactionary echolalia  
extemporizes exegetical  
extrapolations: etymology  
anthologizes alphabetical  
manifestations, neurochemistry  
hypothesizes theoretical  
corroborations, inferentially.  
  
  
Incontinency's hippopotamus:  
lasciviously ignominious,  
pseudonymously nonmonogamous  
(polygamously supercilious)  
concubinary megatherion.  
Luxuriation-Luciferians'  
voluptuary receptivity's  
gratification-conductivity,  
concupiscential luminosity.  
Subordinative interlocutors  
(unsentimental choreographers),  
coordinated correspondingly,  
exteriorize paradisiac,  
edacitywise aphrodisiacs.  
  
  
Abbreviation’s diacritical  
delineators disarticulate  
versification; monosyllable-  
conciliators underillustrate  
originators’ systematically-  
enunciated expressivity.  
Articulators’ informality-  
adulterated conductivity’s  
intoxicated incoherency,  
derogatory jocularity,  
expectorated insincerity.  
Invocatory muscularity’s  
sesquipedalian-multitudinous,  
epithalamium-pulchritudinous.  
  
  
Dodecahedrons’ equiangular  
aerodynamics circumstantiate  
Elizabethans, differentiate  
psychosomatic interocular  
melodramatics. Unspectacular  
confabulators supererogate  
ludomechanics, disequilibrate  
collaborators’ preoracular  
facilitator-reciprocity,  
collateralize archetypical  
negotiators’ fictionality,  
legitimatize anthropophagy.  
Imagination’s parasitical  
bastardization’s criminality.  
  
  
Protohistoric-multimedia-  
vociferation “yabbadabbadoo”’s  
gesticulation-onomatopoeia.  
Anthropomorphic “scoobydoobydoo”’s  
aleatoric-scatalogical  
improvisation, zoological  
domestication’s supernatural  
(phantasmagoric), ungrammatical  
repudiation. Episodically-  
deterministic phraseology’s  
overgeneric-tragicomedy-  
manifestation: metronomically  
characteristic asininity’s  
Hannabarberic idiosyncrasy.  
  
  
Apocalyptic documentary-  
enthusiasm’s necessarily  
impressionistic psychotherapy,  
iconoclasm’s rudimentary  
idealistic intercessory.  
Exoticism-solidarity’s  
antagonistic, militarily:  
aestheticism’s testamentary  
desiderata hyperpolarize  
remediation, recapitulating  
Mahabharata-mythicality-  
dramatization, reimmortalize  
inamorata-undiscriminating  
cauterization-atonality.